Let's start building our angular app and for that I'm going to get rid of the button and I can leave
the the material module because we'll use them later anyways.
And now we need a couple of components.
Couple of sections in our app we're going to build a fitness tracker.
Later we'll have an off indication section and the actual fitness tracker section.
So let's build all these parts of our app for that.
I will use the Selye to generate a couple of components.
You can of course all the do that manually if you prefer that.
So I will quit this energy search process for now and use energy G which stands for generate C which
stands for a component and we don't generate a new component.
All slash Sign-Up component.
So hit enter and you will get an error that you've got more than one module.
Now this simply happens because what we get more than one module and the angle or like can find out
which one to use.
You can fix this by adding dash dash module apt DOD module.
Now with that it creates a new folder off and adds the sign up component with h t Melchior's as testing
and typescript file and it adds the declaration to the app Marchal.
Let's repeat a step but let's name the next one off.
Slash loggin because we obviously don't just want to allow users to sign up Attles to log in and now
we get these two components which will later work on we won't just have an off section will also have
a section for training.
So let's all to treat a new component maybe in our training folder and I'll actually just name it training
for now.
So let's hit enter and we will get this new folder or training with the training component in it in
the training component.
I want to differentiate between the currently running training page where we can start a new training
and the past or previous training we had.
So we'll try a new component in the training folder by adding a slash after training and then add the
current training component which will then later be used to display it like a progress bar for recurrent
training exercise.
We're executing.
We'll then have new training to configure a new training exercise you want to start and last but not
least for a year for now.
I will add the past trainings module a component excuse me of course you can all named differently if
you want.
That's it for now.
Will later add more probably.
But let's stick to D.C. for now.
This gives us it does set up with the off the training and we can now continue working on this.
Everything is imported into the app component for now.
Now obviously I need routing because we either are on the Sign-Up page or on the logon page or on some
training page so I'll add a new file here next to app module which will name app dash routing dot monohull
dot ts.
It's a good practice to create such a routing module to set up the application routes in this file.
I'll export a class which I'll name.
App routing module which doesn't have any class body but which will receive DNG module decorator.
Now this decorator needs to be imported so let's add import to N-G module from angular core.
This is a normal module thus far and we of course want to set up Routier so old create a new constant
which will name routes and this will actually give type routes which is a specific type provided by
the regular route or package.
So let's also add import to that type.
Now import routes from a singular router like this.
Now we add it is type and now we can turn this into an array or assign an array to this route's constant
because the route's type expects to get an array off.
Well you guessed it routes.
Now this might not be news to you so I won't spend too much time on this route.
As a javascript object where we set up a path.
So when we want to load a certain component and the first part will actually be the root POV.
So just a slash without anything after our domain and we don't even have a component for this.
So let's quickly create a new one and I will simply name this one.
Welcome.
So this will be some welcome screen on which I want to start with that attitude and attitude declarations
automatically I now will add the component field here and point to the welcome component.
Make sure you at the airport here at the top which points to the welcome that component file and import
to component from there.
Now that's one component.
We need more of course.
And here I will add a component by adding a path where I add.
Sign up and then component Sign-Up components like this.
Also make sure to add the import to that component pointing to the folder to sign up folder and then
assign upload component file.
Well and I'm going to do the same for training and for log in.
So for the log in POV I'm going to add the log in component and I'm not going to add lazy loading for
now I'll just set this up very straight forward so that we can quickly dive into angular material without
too much set up before doing that.
So the last part will be the training path.
And there I want to load the training component.
These are my routes now to use them.
We need to use the router module.
So let's add an import router module from an angle or router and we use that module now in the engine
module decorator.
We get the imports field and then the array we add Routier module for Route 2 sets these routes up as
Route routes of our application and simply pass the routes IRET.
Now as with the material module we want to make sure that we can use these routes or used as set up
in the app module.
So we need to export it in the app routing module simply export the router module.
This will take this configuration into account.
With that we can go back to the app module and it imports.
I'm now going to add the app routing module important.
You also need to add an import at the top pointing to the app routing module file.
With that we got routes added to our application and we can see this by going back to the application
well and restarting Angie's search first and then their running application then if we Lotus we seen
nothing.
Now the reason for it is this that we got no place to render the routes were going to.
So in the competitive age team file which is just empty we should at the router outlet component does
a special component or directive to be precise provided by the angler router package which we do import
in the app routing module with the router module here.
And this special marker here tells Eyler where to render the content of the loaded component.
With that we now see Wildcat works here and if we go to a different you are out like Slash log in we
see a log in works.
So routing is working with that we get the base set up out of the way.
Time to go back to all the material and start adding some of material components.